Add Documentation for OpenDID (#313)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/develop/08_opendid/05_demo_project.md

---
id: demo_project
title: Demo Project
---

The example code at [demo-project](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/opendid/tree/main/demo-project) contains a minimal application that uses OpenDID.
It's an [express](https://expressjs.com) application that exposes three things:

- A login page that handles the dispatching of the user to the OpenDID service.

> - A callback page for the OpenID connect flow to accept the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A callback page for one of the OpenID Connect flows supported to accept the token.
```

Implicit, right?

- A protected resource that only authenticated users can access.

> For the demo application to work you need a running OpenDID Service and an identity wallet (e.g. [Sporran](https://www.sporran.org/)) with a DID and Credential issued by the required attester specified in the `config.yaml` file (Default is SocialKYC).

Reviewer: Again, the wallet must implement the Credential API spec.
